README.md, before:

# _Course Suggester_

#### _A web survery that will suggest an Epicodus course for you!, 1/11/19_

#### By _**Nathan Nielson**_

## Description

_This application provides the user with an informed suggestion for an Epicodus course depending on their individual interests/_                                              

## Setup/Installation Requirements

*  _Use your command terminal (gitbash if you're using a windows machine) to clone the latest commit from Github, using the url provided_
* _Open with a text editor such as Atom to view the code_
* _Then, open the file labeled "index.html" with your preferred web browser, such as Chrome, to view the actual page_

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs with the current version of the application_

## Support and contact details
_If you encounter any bugs or issues not documented during your experience, please feel free to contact me at my email: nathans-email@email.com_

## Technologies used

_This application was created using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap_

### License

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Nathan Nielson, Epicodus_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

it will update the README to ensure that it meets qualifications

README.md, after:

# _Course Suggester_

#### _A web survery that will suggest an Epicodus course for you!, 1/11/19_

#### By _**Nathan Nielson**_

## Description

_This application provides the user with an informed suggestion for an Epicodus course depending on their individual interests/_                                              

## Setup/Installation Requirements

*  _Use your command terminal (gitbash if you're using a windows machine) to clone the latest commit from Github, using the url provided_
* _Open with a text editor such as Atom to view the code_
* _Then, open the file labeled "index.html" with your preferred web browser, such as Chrome, to view the actual page_

## Known Bugs

_When fading in a dev that is already on screen, it will strangely fade out and back in._

## Support and contact details
_If you encounter any bugs or issues not documented during your experience, please feel free to contact me at my email: nathans-email@email.com_

## Technologies used

_This application was created using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript and Jquery_

### License

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Nathan Nielson, Epicodus_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
